c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.dll.config
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.dll
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.pdb
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\obj\Debug\StudentServiceApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\obj\Debug\StudentServiceApplication.dll
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\obj\Debug\StudentServiceApplication.pdb
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jeth0010\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.dll.config
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.pdb
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\obj\Debug\StudentServiceApplication.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\obj\Debug\StudentServiceApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.dll
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\obj\Debug\StudentServiceApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\obj\Debug\StudentServiceApplication.dll
C:\Users\Administratör.WIN-JUJMH1N8TFP\Desktop\backEnd\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\obj\Debug\StudentServiceApplication.pdb
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.dll.config
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.pdb
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\obj\Debug\StudentServiceApplication.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\obj\Debug\StudentServiceApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jeth0010\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\jeth0010\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\jeth0010\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.dll
C:\Users\jeth0010\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\StudentServiceApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jeth0010\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Users\jeth0010\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\log4net.pdb
C:\Users\jeth0010\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\jeth0010\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\obj\Debug\StudentServiceApplication.dll
C:\Users\jeth0010\Desktop\Grupp1\StudentServiceApplication\StudentServiceApplication\obj\Debug\StudentServiceApplication.pdb
